you go into the kitchen and you say
something to your wife and she's a bit
sharp and you think a wife shouldn't be
sharp to her husband you can reverse
that so the husband shouldn't be sharp
to the wife well should I say anything
and the answer is probably no you should
just let it go you shouldn't regard that
error as indicative of a sufficient
pattern to respond to so maybe later in
the day you see your wife again the same
thing happens and you think okay that's
twice but you still don't say anything
because you think well maybe she's
hungry or maybe she's tired or we don't
really need to have a fight about this
because that would be its own problem
and we'll just assume it's only twice
then it happens three times you think
okay three establishes the pattern then
you say hey I need to talk to you for a
minute I came in here this morning and
this is what happened what's going on
wouldn't it be easier just to ignore it
and the answer is yeah in the short term
but if you ignore a thousand of those
events then your marriage will be over